[Hot Fix] Ensure process_dataloader is called when tpu_cores > 1 to use Parallel DataLoader (#6015)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed passing wrong strings for scheduler interval doesn't throw an error ([#5923](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/5923))

> - Fixed missing `process_dataloder` call for `TPUSpawn` ([#6015](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/6015))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed missing `process_dataloader` call for `TPUSpawn` when in distributed mode ([#6015](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/6015))
```
